Add new branding docs (#3824)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/references/extend/myaccount/customize-my-account-ui.md

---

> Follow the steps given below to further customize **My Account** application. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the steps given below to further customize the **My Account** application. 
```

## Step 1: Create the extensions/branding folder

1. Navigate to the `<IS_HOME>/repository/deployment/server/webapps/myaccount` folder and create a new folder called **`extensions`**. Inside the `extensions` folder, create a new folder called **`branding`**.

---

## Step 2: Create new folders for each tenant

> To re-brand different tenants, create folders for each tenant named after the tenant domain, inside the newly created `branding` folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To rebrand different tenants, create folders for each tenant named after the tenant domain, inside the newly created `branding` folders.
```

> To re-brand different tenants, create folders for each tenant named after the tenant domain, inside the newly created `branding` folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To rebrand different tenants, create folders for each tenant named after the tenant domain, inside the newly created `branding` folders.
```

> For example, if the tenant domain is `rusticfox.com`, create a folder named `rusticfox.com` inside the `extensions/branding` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if the tenant domain is `rusticfox.com`, create a folder named `rusticfox.com` in the `extensions/branding` folder.
```
